##5, Mon
###Currently Working On…
[ ] merge 1440322 - Switching devtools/shared/fronts/css-properties.js to async function breaks toolbox destruction (Fix)
[ ] fix: browser_markup_load_01.js fails when converting waitForMultipleChildrenUpdates from Task.jsm to async/await
[ ] Hang when going from Console to Debugger [pr1] [pr2]
  [ ] check tests in the morning, possibly drop pr1 (see notes)
  [ ] remove unnecessary awaits for pr2
[ ] UPDATE: Fix 6 tests failures on devtools/client/shared due the EventEmitter refactoring
  [ ] has a number of tests failing on the inspector and network monitor
[ ] Re-visit telemetry component idea (and allow telemetry to be taken over)

----------

## 2, Fri
###Currently Working On…
[x] check damp again
[x] review julienW’s pr
[ ] UPDATE: Fix 6 tests failures on devtools/client/shared due the EventEmitter refactoring
[x] TC39 panel prep (JSConfEU)
  [x] add panel at jsconfeu to tc39 github
  [x] revisit doc


### Notes
- Event emitter is harder to work with than I expected, a lot more tests are failing than the
  original 6, when testing files outside of the shared folder. Most of these are related to updating
  the shortcuts module to the new event emitter
- spoke with Nicolas, but the solution that he had wasn't working for me. I have one test file that
  runs differently with the jsdebugger compared to a normal run. It fails earlier do to an error in
  getText?
- Learned something new reviewing Julien's pr --  Most of these are related to updating the
  shortcuts module to the new event emitter
- spoke with Nicolas, but the solution that he had wasn't working for me. I have one test file that
  runs differently with the jsdebugger compared to a normal run. It fails earlier do to an error in
  getText?

----------

##1, Thurs
###Currently Working On…
[x] check damp
[x] Fix 6 tests failures on devtools/client/shared due the EventEmitter refactoring

